# Models used

The app uses two models for the user as per current scheme. The two major models covers the user and the car model. Both of them are elaborated in depth below:

## User Model

```dart
class UserModel {
  String? uid;
  String? email;
  String? name;
  String? pushToken;
}
```

The user model has the folowing parameters in the database. Each of them are covered below:

- uid: The user id generated by firestore randomly for every user
- email: The email of the user
- name: The name of the user; can be same too
- pushToken: Kept under the case we want to implement push notiifcation in app for a user

## Car Model

```dart
class CarModel {
  String? carID;
  String? number;
  String? capacity;
  String? company;
  String? model;
  String? carName;
  String? linkModel;
}
```

The car model has the following paramaters in the datbase. Each of them is covered below:

- carID: A randomly generated id seeded by the local time
- number: The lisence number of the car
- capacity: The total Soc of an electric vehicle
- company: The manufcatuirng company of the car
- model: The model of the car
- carName: The unique name the user identifies the car with
- linkModel: The idea was to scrape the web for details of the car and get the actual details from the internet and store them into the datbase. We then can provide the link to the doc here to get the actual details of the car which the company uses but the general users aren't aware of.

The one model remining here is the stations model which would be added according to the feilds of stations in the datbase. It would require to call the stations when searched and use to access thier details.
